I’ve always been interested in the human body; ever since I was a young child, I’ve had a fascination with the complexities of our inner workings. The idea that we were all just mechanisms and I could play a part in keeping them running always appealed to me, so it wasn’t a surprise to anybody when I announced, aged 10, that I was going to be a doctor. I did well in school, well enough to get four strong A-levels and get accepted into Cambridge to study medicine. It was a competitive field, even then, and not all colleges accepted women yet, so there was real cause to celebrate when I got my acceptance letter. The weekend before the start of term rolled around, and I found myself packing my life into a couple of suitcases and moving into college. I got on well with my classmates, but I’ve never been particularly social, so I mostly knuckled down and got on with my studies.

The first of the nightmares happened three years later. Medicine is a six-year degree, but the first three years are all class-based — dissections and lectures and everything else we needed to know before we even lay a finger on a human body. It’s only after that we started going into hospitals and training alongside fully qualified doctors. The night before my first day on placement, I was so excited I could barely sleep, but for the first time since I’d started my degree, I also felt nervous. I didn’t connect it to everything else until much later, but my dreams that night were vivid and strange, and I spent hours walking around a deserted, scorching Cambridge where everything felt familiar but wrong. I was so surprised when I woke up and found myself safely in my bed, and chalked it up to anxiety over practicing medicine in a clinical context.

The next dream happened a month or two later. I found myself wandering through Cambridge once more, but something was different from the last time I’d been there. The streets were still deserted, yes, but I had the strangest sensation I was being followed. I seemed to have complete control over my body, so I looked over my shoulder to see the same deserted street I’d just walked down, devoid of all life. Still, I couldn’t shake the feeling, and it wasn’t until I’d turned a corner towards my college that things started to go wrong.

It was standing in the middle of the street, facing away from me. It looked human enough — I probably would’ve thought it was somebody’s grandma from the way it was dressed — but it held itself all wrong. I don’t know if it heard me breathing, but it turned towards me and what I saw chilled me to the bone. Now, I know what a dead body looks like; I’ve studied the stages of death and I’ve dissected cadavers. After about 12 hours, secondary flaccidity sets in and all the muscles in the body go limp, and that’s when the skin starts to shrink and the body starts to decompose. I remember thinking to myself that there’s no way a corpse that far gone should have been able to hold itself up. There was no way it should’ve been able to let out that ungodly scream, either. My legs felt like lead, but I turned and ran as fast I could, my heart pounding in my chest. It didn’t take long to lose the shambling thing, but I didn’t stop for at least five agonizing minutes. Not long after, I once again woke up safe in bed.

That day was the second or third day in my A&E rotation. I don’t remember seeing anything particularly outstanding the days before — maybe a couple of broken bones, but certainly nothing worth remembering decades later — so when an ambulance arrived with a car crash victim needing urgent treatment, I was almost excited to get to work. It sounds wrong to say it like that, when somebody’s life is hanging in the balance, but I can’t pretend the more serious aspects of medicine aren’t the most interesting part of the job. When they wheeled her in, I felt my heart skip a beat. It wasn’t the fact that there was more blood visible than skin, or the fact that her legs shouldn’t have been at that angle. She was dressed identically to the creature in my dream. No, more than that, she was the creature in my dream. Or the creature in my dream had once been her. I couldn’t stop myself from turning and fleeing to the nearest toilet and throwing up. It was nearly an hour before I was composed enough to leave the stall, at which point I got a stern talking to from my supervisor. I mumbled some excuse about the woman looking like my parents’ neighbour and got back to work.

After that, most of my dreams followed on from that first one, and the pattern continued. I would run into another one of those zombie creatures, and the next day, they’d show up wherever I was working and die in front of me. Perhaps the strangest thing was that I felt every part of it — there was no night, and the unmoving sun constantly beat down on the streets and kept it awfully humid, but time still passed, and I had to find food and somewhere safe and cool to sleep. There didn’t seem to be anybody else living there, so it was easy enough to set up a base within one of the colleges and scavenge canned foods from a supermarket. It was easy enough to find weapons to defend myself, too.

For sixteen years I lived this double life. I must have spent months in total, or even years, in this other, post-apocalyptic Cambridge, always picking back up where the last nightmare had left off. I graduated from university and started life as a junior doctor at Addenbrooke’s hospital, all the while dreading the nights I’d see my patients in my sleep. It was the strangest feeling — knowing that the creatures I’d shot to defend myself were innocent souls who I’d soon be trying to save, if I hadn’t already. I guess I just got used to it in the end. There’s no way I was going to see a shrink and risk being sectioned, so I had no choice but to get on with things.

The last nightmare was the worst. It’s the only dream where I never had any connection to the deceased, but even after all this time, it’s the most vivid. I remember leaving the safety of my base to replenish my food supplies, when an almighty explosion shook the ground, and I saw a steam cloud rising into the air a couple of miles away. I guess after so long living in danger, my concept of normality was more than a little warped, and I found myself walking towards the source of the explosion. When I got there I realised I’d made a huge mistake. The steam was still thick around whatever the collapsed building had once been, but from the fog, I could already make out hundreds, if not thousands, of shambling corpses. I have never been so sure I was about to die than when I saw every single set of decaying, empty eye sockets turn towards me. My last memory of that place was of fleeing, desperate and afraid, from a horde I had no chance of outrunning. Two days later, news started to emerge about a nuclear crisis in the Soviet Union. Make of that what you will.

I guess it’s not surprising that life got much easier once the nightmares stopped — I slept better, I worked better, and I was happier. I almost wept with joy when I realised the next person I’d seen die had never appeared in my dreams. I moved to London, where I now work at Guy’s Hospital as a renal transplant consultant. I tried my hardest to forget and move on from my nightmares, but it was only when I saw the poster asking for statements on a notice board last week that I thought the Institute might be interested. I can only hope you’ve never seen anything similar, but at least if you do, they’ll know they aren’t alone.