So... this all happened quite a few years ago now, back in my uni days. When every waking hour and a good chunk of unwaking ones were being consumed by The Dissertation and life was passing in your average monotonous soulcrushing blur. I had just moved in with two of my friends in their decidedly small two-bedroom Hammersmith flat after an explosive roommate situation had gone from terrible to somehow even worse. Well, 'moved in' is putting it generously, in reality I was crashing on their couch and occupying the entire living room with my boxes of hastily packed belongings. It was all very temporary, just so I could wrap up my degree in relative peace and quiet.

And it was fine, my friends were perfectly lovely about the whole situation. But three people cramped up in a tiny space doesn’t really leave much in the way of privacy or room to breathe. I’m too introverted to spend every hour of the day with other people, no matter how much I love them. So I ended up going outside a lot, taking my laptop or books and hitting a café, a library, whatever I felt like that day. When the weather started getting warmer I ended up just staying outdoors a lot, and after a few weeks of this I’d made it an unofficial goal to visit every single piece of greenery in the area. That’s how I ended up in Gunnersbury Triangle that day.

I spent the morning at home, writing and doing research online while eating unhealthy amounts of buttered toast, but right after lunch I shoved my tome of a research book in my backpack and got out of there to soak in the rare hours of sunlight. The park was only a few stops away on the District line, so it didn’t take me more than a quarter of an hour to get there. The sun was high in the sky and it was *definitely* daytime.

I walked around the park for a while, enjoying the nature and the quiet; stopping sometimes to read the educational placards placed along the path. I could almost feel my constantly overheated brain slowly cooling down, the gears grinding to a blissful halt. Everything seemed normal, though I did find it kind of odd how empty the park was. I don’t think I saw a single person while I was walking around, it was as if I was in my own little world.

Eventually the walkway passed a little pond, and it seemed as good a place as any to sit down and at least pretend to be doing useful work. I sat down on the boardwalk and set the book open on my lap, but even just looking towards it made my eyes glaze over instantly, and instead I ended up staring at the water in front of me, observing the little fish swimming around, the occasional leaf falling on the water. I watched as a dragonfly darted along the surface of the pond causing ripples where it passed, eventually landing on a reed by the waterside.

In retrospect I figure I must have fallen asleep, but that’s not what it felt like at all. There was no slow drifting away, there was no drowsy awakening, all I know is that it was bright daylight and then it was pitch black.

The darkness was overwhelming, and I was suddenly freezing in my thin spring jacket. I couldn’t have imagined a city ever looking this dark. Even without obvious sources of light nearby, it feels like you should always be able to at least see the dim glow of the city lights around you. But I guess I was wrong. I looked down at my hands and all I saw was vague shapeless forms, like blobs that were just a slightly different shade of black than the darkness beyond. Looking around I couldn’t find a single source of light, even the building I’d seen over the treetops earlier seemed unlit, indistinguishable from the trees and sky. Was it the middle of the night? Had I somehow slept through the entire day in the blink of an eye? At this thought I looked up, and that’s when I felt the panic really settle in. The sky was pure black. Obviously you won’t see a lot of stars in London even on a regular night, but there were no stars, no clouds, not even the moon. It was like looking at the back of your eyelids instead of the night sky. I shivered, from the cold or from the fear, or possibly both.

It was at this moment that I knew I needed to get the hell out of there. I got to my feet, vaguely registering the forgotten textbook on my lap thumping to the ground as it fell. I realised I had one last avenue to exhaust, and started feeling around in my pockets for my phone. I pulled it out and to my amazement, it actually turned on, but all it would show was a bright white screen and nothing else. Pressing buttons did nothing, I couldn’t get any other reaction from it. This tiny rectangle of white now felt like my only connection to the rest of the world.

As I was fiddling with the phone, I heard a splash from right in front of me. I nearly jumped out of my skin, but I at least managed to hold on to my precious phone, grasping it as tightly as I dared. I turned the phone around, cautiously casting around the light to try to find the source of the noise. I couldn’t find anything out of the ordinary, the pond was still, the water settled, not even a gust of wind blowing through the reeds. Then I felt something by my feet, a small figure ran past me, and I saw a duck enter the small circle of light and go splashing into the water. I took a deep breath, trying to calm my racing heart.

I started looking around the clearing, trying to orientate myself with my surroundings. I couldn’t see far, but at the very edge of the light I could make out the hand railing which signified the stairs leading up and out. I didn’t really trust myself to safely navigate in the dark, but I knew I had no choice, so I started heading that way.

Now, it had been quiet this whole time, but as I got closer to the stairs the quiet became somehow *more*. It had an almost oppressive quality to it, and it felt very, very wrong. I was just trying to convince myself that everything was fine, that I would just have to get out of the park and I’d be back to normality. And then I saw it.

It... looked like a human at first. It was hidden in the shadows, but I could make out the basics. It had all the right bits and was even wearing quite average nondescript clothes, jeans and a T-shirt I think. I called out, asking if they needed any help. I have no idea why that’s the first thing I thought to say, when by all rights I should’ve immediately turned around and booked it. The figure did not respond.

I took an almost involuntary step closer, trying to dispel the shadows with my phone, but nothing changed. The figure was... dark. Even with the light directly on it. I could make out some of its features: closed eyes, and short spiky hair, but everything was tinged with shadow, almost as if I could see *through* it, to the darkness beyond. It was standing completely still, hands at the sides, face tilted slightly upwards.

I’m not surprised I dropped my phone when it opened its eyes. By then I was wound up like a spring, just about ready to launch myself into orbit at the smallest cause. Right before my phone went flying, I caught a glimpse of dark eyes, black as the void of space, and an open mouth from which burst dark, brackish water.

Luckily my fallen phone was still on, illuminating a small circle of light around it, and I managed to reclaim it quite easily, but as I stood back up, the light shone on the ground in front of me and I saw dark tendrils of water snaking towards me, the tips mere inches from my shoes. Before I managed to even fully register this, I was already moving. It’s like my feet were finally done waiting for my brain to make any sort of executive decision. I think if I hadn’t reacted so quickly at that moment I wouldn’t be here to tell this story.

I turned around and tore away in the other direction down the walkway. Somehow I managed to avoid falling in the pond or crashing into any trees. I didn’t look back once, but somehow I knew it was still there in the darkness behind me, following.

As I ran, my phone turned off by itself. I assume that was the creature making one last effort to disorient me, to make me stray from the path, but it was too late. At that point I could finally see the faintest glow of street lights in the distance. This pushed me to go even faster, and with one final sprint I soon burst into the warm protective glow of the street.

I felt my terror abate almost instantly, and I somehow knew the monster couldn’t follow me here. I was safe. I stopped and turned around despite myself, somehow almost curious now that I was out of immediate danger. The park entrance was dark, but I could see that there was something there, a patch that was somehow, impossibly, even darker. It stood there for a moment, as if staring straight at me. And then it faded away.

And that’s all. I booked it out of there right after. My phone worked perfectly again, as if nothing had ever happened. The time showed nine in the evening, the sun had set and the street lights were on. The sky looked normal again, the moon peeking out from behind a cloud. I thought about my options and briefly considered calling the police, an ambulance, one of my friends... But what could I say? That I lost eight hours of my life and was nearly eaten by a swamp monster?

In the end I took the tube back home. I wanted to be around people.