I reckon it all started the summer I did some work for my uncle, James Hewitt. I mean, I know that's when it began, but when something has been part of your life this long you start to wonder if you didn't make it up just to rationalise what's happening to you. Anyway, he needed a bit of extra help doing some refresh work on a fancy estate, and I was a teenager looking for a bit of extra pocket change.
The place was completely empty, not unclean but clearly hadn't been lived in for some time.

Uncle James set me up in what would have been an office or library with some buckets of paint and a roller, and I got to work. A few hours later I was regretting my decision, arms now sore and the unfortunate addition of paint splatters on my outfit. The room didn't have so much as a stool to take a breather on and I wasn't going to lean against the freshly wet walls, so I settled down with my back against one of the floor-to-ceiling built-in shelves.

I felt a slight shift, something that should have been impossible given that the shelf was supposedly attached to the wall, and then a nearly imperceptible breeze. Suddenly my body slipped and I was falling, like being pushed over a balcony I hadn't known was there. I barely had time to register what was happening before I was on my side, heart beating in my ears as I tried to regain my bearings. With shaking arms I pushed myself up into a seated position, but looking back at the bookcase there was nothing out of place.

I would have passed it off as exhaustion except that it kept happening. My foot slipped on the stairs when exiting the tube station about a month later, and if I hadn't tripped forward into the railing I likely would have cracked my head open. Then I had a bit of a dizzy spell after getting out of bed too quickly, and the distance to the ground seemed ten times further than it should have been. Every time I had even the slightest stumble or lost my balance I would feel myself fall impossibly far before meeting the ground. It never gets any less disorientating, but I've learned to live with it over the years, and my panic attacks have shortened too, so there's that.

Honestly it isn't a big deal, I've never been seriously injured or anything. I probably wouldn't have ever come here to make a statement, but...I'm going on a trip soon, it will be my first time flying, and I just have this sinking feeling that it's going to happen up there and when it does there won't be anywhere for me to land.